{"note": "Part 1":",
"1": "A certain man was going down
From Jerusalem to Jericho,
Getting farther away from God;
To this place of curse he'd go.",
"2": "And as he went, among the robbers he fell
Who stripped and beat him 'til he bled,
And, having taken everything that he owned,
They left him lying there half dead.",
"3": "A certain priest was also going down,
On that same road to Jericho.
He saw him and passed on the opposite side.
A Levite did the same also.",
"chorus": "You know this man who was going down,
This man is me; this man is you,
Who living in our fallen life away from God
Were beaten sore and bled from many wounds.",
"4": "We were stripped of all that we should have:
Our virtue, honor, righteousness.
We could not stand upright nor hold onto life;
Toward God: "no boldness nor access.",
"5": "Religious ones observing our poor estate
Being the same could be no help.
They passed us by, not daring to come close.
We only heard we'd go to hell.",
"chorus": "As sinners under the law condemned,
Which left us beaten and disgraced, 
We all were robbed and dying from so many hurts,
From small transgressions to our sins so great.",
"note": "Part 2":",
"chorus": "But a certain Good Samaritan, 
Despised, of Whom they said,
"Don't give me Jesus!"
Bound up all our wounds,
Pouring oil and wine upon them,
Brought us to the inn and said,
"Take care of him."",
"1": "He had to take a journey to come down
Just to reach us.
Though God, He was so willing to become 
A human babe.
He came through human living,
Observed our dire condition,
Then, moved with deep compassion,
He died and rose to save!",
"2": "He came and bound our wounds up; 
He healed these damaged persons.
He poured in oil and wine-
His Spirit and His life divine.
He placed us on His donkey
To carry us so lowly,
And brought us to the church life 
With blessing for our care.",
"3": "We love this dear Man-Savior, 
Divine One, fully human
Whose tender care, so merciful 
And bountiful to save
Condemned and dying sinners, 
Reveals the highest standard
Of His morality seen in His precious,
Saving grace.",
"note": "(Chorus twice, then last line last time)",
"chorus": ""Take care...
And whatever you spend in addition on him 
When I return, I will repay you.""}