{"1": "Lord, I take You as my sin offering for what I am,
But Lord, I take You as my burnt offering for what I'm not.
I'm not loving, submissive, patient, kind, or meek,
I'm not single in view, Lord, nor is it God I seek.
But dearest Lord, You're all these things, all virtue's in You,
So Lord I lay my hands on You in all I do.",
"2": "Lord, in me is all self-love, envy, anxiety
Lord, in me is only pride and no humility.
I'm not pure, Lord, or trusting, neither absolute
For Your purpose, I waver - I'm not resolute!
But dearest Lord, You're all these things, all virtue's in You,
So Lord I lay my hands on You in all I do.",
"3": "Such a laying on of hands is not for substitution;
When we lay our hands on Christ, it brings in a union.
By our laying our hands on Christ, we are joined to Him.
We become one - no longer two - we become Him!
In such a union all our weaknesses, wounds, and scars
Are taken on by Him and His virtues become ours.",
"4": "Such a union requires exercise through proper prayer
We open our failures, defects for our Lord to bear.
As we pray in this way, Christ - the One with no such sin
As the life-giving Spirit moves and works within
To live in us a life, a repetition of Christ our King,
The One who lived on earth the life of the burnt offering.",
"5": "Lord, You're balanced, fine and pure and loving through and through
You welcome the leprous ones, blind, lame all come to You.
You have eyes of a dove, Lord - blemish free are You.
No mixed motives, self-glory, what the Father says You do!
Your humility's unsurpassed - obedient e'en unto death.
Trusting in the Father's will, living by Him breath by breath!",
"6": "Thus, I open up to You each failure, blemish, and spot.
I want You to know me, Lord, and know all that I'm not.
You're my Husband, my strong One, I am just Your wife.
Bear my burdens, my loved One, give me Your wonderful life!
I take up this exchange, God Himself is what I've got.
You can bear all that I am, You can be all that I'm not!
You can bear all that I am, You can be all that I'm not!"}